# Submission for the 3. Project - Behavioral Cloning
Documentation is written according to the rubric project [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/432/view) to ensure that all requirements for the project are fulfilled.  
### Quality of Code
##### Is the code functional?
I have trained a model to successfully run a lap without touching yellow lines and off-road areas for the left most lap.
##### Is the code usable and readable?
The provided code (model.py and drive.py) is - to the best of my knowledge - clearly organized and with plenty of comments. I have used a python generator to grab a batch from a DataFrame-variable containing steering angle and dir. of left, center and right images. 

### Model Architecture and Training strategy
##### Has an appropriate model architecture been employed for the task?
The data is normalized prior training. A simple network structure with 106,153 parameters is used. A convolutional layer and a max-pooling is repeated 4 times. Convolutional layers use 12, 24, 24, 24 kernels and a kernel size of 5,5,3,3, respecitively. All convolutions use valid-padding. The use of valid (compared to same-padding) was very important according to my experiments. I was unable to learning a useful nidek  until I swapped all my same-padding to valid-padding. This was unexpected as most state-of-the-art network use same-padding (VGG, GoogleNet,ResNet,AlexNet) apart from in the first layers. The 4 max-pooling layers all use both a stride and a kernel sizes of 2. 
Two fully connected layers are used 200 and 100 neuron followed by a regression layer (single neuron). All convolutional layers and fully connected layers (apart from the final regression layer) use a Relu-activation function to introduce nonlinearity 

##### Has an attempt been made to reduce overfitting of the model?
The data (15703 samples) have been split into a validation set (1570 samples) and a test set (1571). I have used dropout and data augmentation (left/right camera, mirroring of images and steering angles) to avoid overfitting the data.
##### Have the model parameters been tuned appropriately?
I have used an adam-optimizer. Mostly, only between 5-8 epochs were required to train a model.

##### Is the training data chosen appropriately?
I have used the data provided by udacity, self-generated data (peter) and data generated by a friend (mikkel). We have generated two laps with "normal" driving and at least one recover lap each. To ensure that the car is able to successfully recover. The total number of samples is 15703.

### Architecture and Training Documentation
##### Is the solution design documented?
The approach and the model design have been documented throughly in code and by this document readme.md.

##### Is the model architecture documented?
The architecture have been described in an earlier section with number of layers and size of each layer. A simple representation of the network use made using the "model.summery" keras-function. 

##### Is the creation of the training dataset and training process documented?
This has all be covered in earlier sections. 
An image examples of left, center and right images are added to the submitted folder.

### Simulation
##### Is the car able to navigate correctly on test data?
In the provide solution the car will only remain drivable track surfaces.
